First project

Losing weight

We are going to build a script that generates a diet plan for a person that weighs more than their ideal weight.

Here is a list of steps you can take to write a program:

1 - user story: Who wants something, What do they want, Why do they want it?

2  - business logic: Figure what feature we want to build and how to build it, to implement our userstory

3 - data model & storage: Define what data we need from the user, how will we store it

4 - hardcode the data: Generate some dummy data so we can start to test our program

5 - processing & output: Write a basic program that performs the calculations and generates the output we want

6 - input & dynamic data: Make it possible for users to give input to the program

Some best practices (Next module):

1 -validation: Make the program check if the input the user provided was valid

2 -refactor: Clean up our code

3 -Add more features, make the program more nuanced (start again at 1: user story)

User stories

A user story is an informal, general explanation of a software feature written from the perspective of the end user.

1 - As a person unsure about my weight, I want to know if I am overweight or not, so I can be informed.

2 - As a person unsure about my weight, I want to know what my ideal weight is, so I have a target I can work towards.

3 - As a person who is trying to lose weight, I want to know how many calories I should eat everyday, so I can make progress towards my weight goal.

4 - As a person who is trying to lose weight, I want to have a timeline in which I can reach my weight goal, so I can make a plan.

(Next module)

1 - As a person who is trying to lose weight, I want the amount of exercise taken into account when creating my diet plan, so I can be motivated to work out.

2 - As a woman who is trying to lose weight, I want gender to be taken into account when creating my diet plan, so the information is more relavant to me.

3 - As a person who is trying to gain weight, I want to know how much calories I should eat everyday, so I can make progress towards my weight goal.

4 - As a person who is trying to gain weight, I want to have a timeline in which I can reach my weight goal, so I can make a plan.

5 - As a user, I want the program to give me feedback when I input the wrong information, so I can learn how to use the program.

